# Machine learning

### Basic terms

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Training,_test,_and_validation_sets

## Regularization

What is Regularization in ML https://codeburst.io/what-is-regularization-in-machine-learning-aed5a1c36590

## TensorFlow

TensorFlow Examples https://github.com/aymericdamien/TensorFlow-Examples

TensorForce (reinforcement learning) https://github.com/reinforceio/tensorforce

## Courses

Deep Learning by Google https://www.udacity.com/course/deep-learning--ud730

## NLP

How to solve 90% of NLP problems: a step-by-step guide
https://blog.insightdatascience.com/how-to-solve-90-of-nlp-problems-a-step-by-step-guide-fda605278e4e


# Linux

Command Line Tricks For Data Scientists
https://medium.com/@kadek/command-line-tricks-for-data-scientists-c98e0abe5da


# R

## General / Blog

https://www.r-bloggers.com

## reshape data and data intersection

http://remi-daigle.github.io/tidyr_reshape2_lesson/

Cheatsheet for dplyr join functions
http://stat545.com/bit001_dplyr-cheatsheet.html

## Genomics

Plyranges http://bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc/vignettes/plyranges/inst/doc/an-introduction.html

PharmacoGx:
https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/PharmacoGx/inst/doc/PharmacoGx.pdf


## Visualization

Data Visualization (book) http://socviz.co


# Python 

## visualization

Up and Down the Python Data and Web Visualization Stack
http://nbviewer.jupyter.org/gist/wrobstory/1eb8cb704a52d18b9ee8/Up%20and%20Down%20PyData%202014.ipynb

# Statistics

Why I've lost faith in p values
https://lucklab.ucdavis.edu/blog/2018/4/19/why-i-lost-faith-in-p-values

## Databases

recount2
https://jhubiostatistics.shinyapps.io/recount/

PHARMACODB
https://pharmacodb.pmgenomics.ca

https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/vignettes/PharmacoGx/inst/doc/PharmacoGx.pdf

https://bioinformatics.niaid.nih.gov/applications

# Software

## General

https://bioinformatics.niaid.nih.gov/applications

## Network

Differential Rank Conservation (DIRAC)
https://hood-price.systemsbiology.org/research/dirac/

WGCNA
https://labs.genetics.ucla.edu/horvath/CoexpressionNetwork/Rpackages/WGCNA/

## RNAseq

https://academic.oup.com/bioinformatics/article-abstract/33/24/4033/2525684?redirectedFrom=fulltext

## SV

https://academic.oup.com/bioinformatics/article/34/2/346/4665417

---------

# Youtube

## Lectures

Scaling Genetic Data Analysis with Apache Spark
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6WoPZ3_nIXc

John Platig - Using the network architecture of eQTLs to understand complex traits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DUT2__13pLM

Accelerating Deep Learning with GPUs 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_QQETptCAU

A Gentle Introduction To Deep Learning with TensorFlow 
[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6g0lPlHc-E8]

Hadley Wickham "Data Science with R" 
[ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K-ss_ag2k9E ]



_____________

# Retrotransposons

papers
------

Control of yeast retrotransposons mediated through nucleoporin evolution
http://journals.plos.org/plosgenetics/article?id=10.1371/journal.pgen.1007325

Neutral Theory, Transposable Elements, and Eukaryotic Genome Evolution
https://academic.oup.com/mbe/advance-article-abstract/doi/10.1093/molbev/msy083/4983858?redirectedFrom=fulltext


# Other Papers

## 3D

A TAD boundary is preserved upon deletion of the CTCF-rich Firre locus
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-018-03614-0

Orientation-dependent Dxz4 contacts shape the 3D structure of the inactive X chromosome
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-018-03694-y


## DNA methylation

DNA methylation: old dog, new tricks?
https://www-nature-com.libproxy.temple.edu/articles/nsmb.2910

Hemimethylation: DNAâ€™s lasting odd couple
http://science.sciencemag.org.libproxy.temple.edu/content/sci/359/6380/1102.full.pdf


## Genetics


## Parasites

Malaria Cell Atlas
http://www.sanger.ac.uk/science/tools/mca

## NAD+

NAD+ Deficits in Age-Related Diseases and Cancer
https://www.cell.com/trends/cancer/fulltext/S2405-8033(17)30105-X

## Book

Molecular Population Genetics
https://global.oup.com/academic/product/molecular-population-genetics-9780878939657


# ATACseq

https://www.biorxiv.org/content/early/2018/04/24/306621

Analysis of ATAC-seq data in R and Bioconductor
https://rockefelleruniversity.github.io/RU_ATAC_Workshop.html

ATAC-seq Data Standards and Prototype Processing Pipeline
https://www.encodeproject.org/atac-seq/
